I love my Apple 9 watch!!! I've wanted one for a long time and decided to go for it when they were on sale! I actually exchanged the sport loop band version for the rubber band,  I felt it would be easier to keep clean. Love the starlight color too. Still learning all the watch does, everyday I find something new. Great purchase!!

Finally bit the bullet and upgraded from my olllllld  glitchy Apple Watch S2 and I wish I did sooner. Larger screen is great and the EKG functionality is interesting.  Being able to answer a call by tapping index finger to thumb is cool- I just need to remember I can do that!  Battery life is much improved. Due to its light color, I anticipate needing to wash the band often but I love the color.  A great purchase.

Absolutely love my watch! It is the most convenient technologically advanced product. From the ability to track your sleep, check your heart rate and countless  calendar and planning your day. Everyone needs a device that sits on the wrist to help them organize our day-to-day task. I’m an ER Nurse and I don’t think I could possibly function at my job without my Apple!

Love this watch! The sport loop is stylish and comfortable and you can easily change band to match outfit.

This watch has many great functions many of which I still have to discover,  I love that it tracks my sleep, has a heart rate monitor, tracks steps, ect.  It is stylish and comfortable to wear.  I am extremely happy with my purchase.

You have more ways to train and measure your workouts, a completely redesigned compass app, a new app to track your medications, more powerful sleep tracking with sleep stages, and better insights and support for your heart health if you have been diagnosed with atrial fibrillation.

My wife hates watches and loves this. Worth the money. She loves the fit.

am really enjoying this brand from bestbuy and it working perfectly, Thank you so much for your discount prices because i made this purchase on a discount and am really much more happy wearing it.

My wife loved the Apple Watch Series 9 and it’s the best price I’ve found buying it BestBuy !

Very useful when I’m at work and so relax and when I’m not on my phone , I can count on my watch to do the same job as my phone

I had a Series 3 Apple Watch and wanted to update to a series 9.  I love my new watch and the the folks at the Hattiesburg,MS location were very nice and helpful.

Great to use it ensures you dnt seat too long for those who work on computer all day or jobs that require you to seat all day long. It shows how many calories you have burnt all day it’s just awesome. Easy to use for alarms and meetings

I really like this watch. I haven’t learned all the features on it yet, I fell a couple of weeks ago and it told me I had fallen and ask if I needed 911. I would recommend this watch to everyone!!

Geo ( my associate) was so kind and helpful with setting up my watch. He answered all of my questions

Pretty much the same as my 7. I was hoping the temperature feature could be used on demand but it cannot.

Everyone was very nice and helpful and thank you for helping me out

I’ve had the Apple Watch Series 9 for a bit, and it’s awesome. It looks good, fits comfortably, and the screen is super clear. it checks heart rate, sleep, and more. The battery lasts about a day, which is fine for me.  Anyway, a great smartwatch to have.

This was a good product.. and grabbed at the right time while pricing were low.

I love my new watch with the sport loop. The sport loop fits perfectly which was something I had trouble with previously. I enjoy all of the different ways my watch can assist me through the day from texting and alerts to tracking exercises. I upgraded because the battery life on my previous Apple Watch was declining. I am happy that with how much I use my watch it gets me through the day and more. Plus, it charges very quickly!

Upgraded from Series 5, series 9's battery last noticeable longer and starlight sport loop is very comfortable to wear all day.

