The size, the facing, the fit…. I love it.  One issue, my black watch came with a blue band.  Odd to say the least.  I ended up purchasing a black band the next day.   

Love it.  Great purchase. Great value.  

Priscilla W. Singleton 
8.8.2024

You never had an Apple Watch before this is by far everything you need. If you come from a series 7 an under also everything you need is this. Battery is a monster if you use it like a watch almost 2 days of constant use for me. Screen is big enough no problem when texting. Bands while the one that come with them are nice looking they are not the most comfortable if you’re running get sport bands somewhere else. Speed no complain health tracking features that most people will use are here

NICE WATCH, HAS EVERYTHING  I NEEDED  IN A WATCH,
TRACKS MY PLUSE AND KEEPS UP WITH MY WORKOUTS , YOU HAVE MULTIPLE FREE WATCH FACE'S  TO CHOOSE FROM AND WITH THE FOURTY MM SIZE IT,S JUST RIGHT AND WITH BEST BUY SALE PRICE IT WAS A GREAT DEAL FOR A APPLE WATCH

Its a great watch having a good battery life and helps in keep track of multiple things

First time to buy apple smartwatch and I am so happy with it! I got it with a discount and very easy to operate and I use it when I do my everyday exercise. Thank you Apple!

I absolutely love my Apple Watch SE. l saved at least $100 compared to the regular Apple Watch and the only feature im really missing is the always on display, but thats not really a *need*.  I have the basic health feature that I only kind of care about and I never needed a blood oxygen sensor or ekg. If the gimmicky health stuff is a need for you, by all means get the flagship version, but for the basics and notifications/calls/texts/Siri stuff, save your money and get this one. Its just as fast and responsive and does what its supposed to do reliably and quickly.

Awesome watch, the 44 mm is big enogh, good price for the product

I’m loving my new Apple Watch SE. I was on a streak with closing all of my rings. I think I had over 1400+ days of activity. When I broke my Apple Watch  series 3 I panic and I was like I’ve got to find another watch “TODAY” so I don’t lose my streak of closing my rings, I looked on Best Buy online and saw they had a SE available I was able to purchase it and pick it up with a few hours. Best Buy you are a ring saver. I’m loving my watch and all the different features that’s on it.

Unfortunately my older apple watch died so I needed a new one.    After shopping around for the best price from a company I trusted, I purchased a new Apple Watch from Best Buy..   The one issue was that the new watch would not work with the IOS that was on my iPhone and because of the age of the phone, I was not able to load the new watch.   So I had to purchase a new model in order to set up my new Apple Watch.   I found this a little irritating, since I saw nothing on the web site saying what operating system was required for the new Apple Watch.    Besides that, I’m happy with the new watch and enjoy many of the newer features.

Since buying my Apple Watch I have tracked countless steps, calories, and workouts. The media controls are also nice when my phone is out of reach.
The silicone band is easy enough to clean but a little bit uncomfortable where the fabric bands are more comfortable but take more effort to clean, and I haven’t had any durability issues

I really like this watch. I used to have the Series 6, and was thinking about upgrading to a 9, but chose the SE instead for the cheaper price. Works the same way and I thibk i like the SE better.

Love this watch.   Very easy to use.  Lots of different functions.

Makes a world of difference, light, wearable in smart, casual and sport outfits. Multifunctional and long lasting battery. I enjoy mostly how i can start something on the watch and continue on the phone with no mishap, continuous flow.

I bought this because my old watch finally took a crap. I was super surprised when i turned it on and it was almost conpletely ready to go. I love the new screen and how the touch sensitivity is WAY better than older models. Overall best bang for your buck￼

It's wonderful, better size and the fluidity and sharpness of the screen looks better; I come from a series 6 and if you notice a change, happy with my purchase

I was a Garmin user for a long time. But I changed from Android to IOS and my Smart Watch didn't work the same way on my IPhone. I was waiting for an Apple Watch that was worth it. And I found this model with good features and not to expensive. I really love it.

Happily enjoying my first smart watch with #1 discount price from Best Buy

Amazing watch/ experience and price!! Thanks I highly recommend it for everyone especially if into fitness.,

I had the iwatch 5 for some years now but it was getting shorter battery life and app not loading on the watch but now everything i gripe and annoyed by the older generation now has been resolved.  Love it.  And love their new watchOS.

This is my first Apple Watch and my experience so far with the SE gen 2 has been a good one.

The health trackers are more accurate than just an app on your phone, the speaker is reasonably loud. The device itself is on durability I can’t say for sure because I have a case on mine, but so far so good. Also, the battery life is roughly a day and a half.

Overall great choice for a smart watch, especially if you already use Apple products.

