Others may not notice the screen difference but I do the 2mm makes a difference with seeing texts on the screen. Also it being flatter and lighter are a plus. I've missed the rose gold color and I'm glad it's back! The battery life is better but it's a new battery so that's expected. But the new 30 min recharge option is amazing. I can have at least a whole day battery and charge it when I'm in the shower. I haven't used the pinch option to answer call much yet because I forget about it. Overall it's a great upgrade for me.

Great watch as my series 7 was. The screen is a little bigger and brighter. Battery seems to last longer too, but overall not much difference from series 7.

Love the larger display. It will surprise you at how much bigger this looks. I got the jet black color and love it with my Kate Spade band. It is wider than older versions, but the lower profile is a game changer for my small wrist. Highly recommend.

I bought my Apple Watch at Best Buy. I looked at various models as the BB Sales Associate carefully and patiently detailed their features. Because I have small wrists, I opted for the 42mm Series 10 (as against the 46mm).
The store did not have the color I wanted in stock, so they offered to ship the item to me free of charge!

My new Apple Watch was delivered the next day!

I still have to familiarize myself with all the features that my new watch offers. However, one thing that I’m sure of is that I am impressed with Best Buy personnel and service!

At 42mm the screen feels perfect sized, it curves around the new jet black case giving the unibody illusion. After using it for 2 weeks, I’d definitely recommend it.

I’m so excited to upgrade my watch se to the watch 10 all best buy employees are very helpful I love my experience with this purchase

I absoloutely love it. It feels so light, and much larger! than series 9. A worthy upgrade!

I’m very satisfied with my purchase!! Love the black shiny color and the Screen size!

Bought 2 apple watch series 10 and traded in 2 apple watch series 9. Both were received by Bestbuy on the same day, but only 1 is processed. The other is tagged as Empty package received. I called customer service 3 times and was told they cannot access info for trade in but I did received their verbal and also email confirmation for my case that as long as Bestbuy received the package that I will get a refund. It has been more than 2 weeks and still nothing. I went to the store and was told by the manager there to NEVER use mail to trade in as she has heard stories of items being stolen by the 3rd party company that processes trade in for Bestbuy. As a Plus member this really made me lose trust with Bestbuy. 

Otherwise the watch is excellent, slimmer and a tad larger than the series 9 screen.

Love the bigger screen and thinner face. Battery life seems better than my last watch. I am pleased with my purchase and glad I upgraded.

I would recommend purchasing the new Apple Watch series 10 Jet black it’s a great watch that you will always love I recommend purchasing it if you have an older model

This is no longer just a smart watch. The health apps are great, and I can play golf and know my distances.

This is my second Apple Watch purchase. My first Apple Watch is still working just fine, but I wanted a newer slimmer version. I do not need the sleep evaluation, because I do not like sleeping while wearing a watch, and my sleep number bed already provides this function for me. I do miss the O2 monitor.ocerall, I am very satisfied with my purchase.

My first apple watch was the 7 but because I was going to be tested for sleep apnea and that is available on the 10 I decided to upgrade. I’ve also recently started having irregular heartbeat and I’ve been able to do an ECG right on my watch and send the results to my Doctors. It has been very helpful and worth the investment

Display on this version of watch is much better that all previous versions, also some of the features looks very impressive and overall make this watch as better tool for fitness tracking.

Upgraded from a Series 3 that I owned for many years. This is lighter and smaller with the same size screen and fits my wrist even better. Battery life is also improved even with the screen always on. Display is clear and easy to read. Valuable tool to have for fitness, quick texts, managing music and directions. Never thought a watch would become such a big help in my everyday life.

Great upgrade from the Series 7. Thinner design and larger screen are a plus. Haven't noticed much as far as speed differences, but battery life is much better due to the battery on my Series 7 wearing down.

The new series 10 is amazing!  Love all of the new features and purchasing with Best Buy is always a smart choice!

Best thing i upgraded for the wife and with all the new features it’s a win win all around

The new Apple Watch exceeded my expectation's in every way. Highly recommend!

