I was thinking about upgrading to a smart watch and decided to save a few bucks and get the 3 series instead of the 4. Really like all the features and additional control the iwatch gives you like controlling your music without your phone, answering texts and call from the watch, etc. The only downfall is the battery life. Be prepared to charge this at least once a day. Sometimes that can be annoying and honestly keeps me from wearing the watch all the time. Other than that annoyance of battery life, I really like the product.

Absolutely love this watch! Has many features and very easy to use. Wish I had bought one sooner but I had to wait until the price went down.

I love my new watch. Everything is great except the watch locks if I put it on wrist detection & doesn’t show stand up time. Otherwise it works perfectly

Great watch for the price can’t wait to get the new one of course

I love it by far .. the only downside is the battery life I have to charge it every other day . I couldn’t beat the price .. great watch !!

Works like brand new! Condition was great although shipping took a lil longer then expect but when it arrived it was work great even charged to 50%. Highly recommend !

bought for my daughter who desperately wanted an apple watch. I found this one that was on sale open box and it's perfect. Good price and great product. Thank you Best Buy.. for always having just what I want!

They were great and customer service was wonderful

Apple Watch is ready for prime time folks. Functionally it works so much better than my Series 1. Alerts actually show up before they hit my phone, bluetooth range is better, the screen is brighter, and it's waterproof. They also seem to have gotten the wake/sleep functions down to a science. 

The only thing that's still falling short is battery life and charging speed. I wear my watch 24/7. That usually means charging briefly before bed and charging while I shower and dress. An hour charge gives 25-35%.

Looks wise, the new series 3 gold is superior to previous iterations. Not bling like the series 1 gold and not overly feminine like the Series 2 rose gold. I like having color, even though it means it's harder to find a watch strap.

Pretty good it lasts all day and it keeps up with some of the small tasks I do on my phone

This is my 3rd Apple Watch.  Each one is better than the previous.  Makes works out better!

Watch was slow and screen kept going dark when trying to swipe. Disappointed because we’ve gotten a refurbished Apple Watch in the past.

I was hesitant to take the plunge and get a watch, but once I did, I can't believe I didn't do it sooner.  The option of purchasing a refurbished item, made the decision easier.

I bought this as an open box item and I’m so glad! It was in perfect shape and looked brand new. Love this model as well!

Great product, no need to buy new or new model, great condition for open box product

Disappointed!  Delay in receiving item. Came in a plan box with an oily substance staining box.  Very surprised to not have a manual or adapter in package.  After 3 days of trying to charge watch, found out charger didn't work. Best Buy was not willing to exchange defunct charger.  I was forced to return entire package due to faulty charger.

Bought for my daughter for Christmas and it’s worked so great. Came with charger. No problems so far. No warranty available.

Great refurbished product. Haven't had any issues with it. Came clean and undamaged.

The watch was better than described. Perfect condition. I would recommend to anyone! Fast shipping.

I got this for my boyfriend and I because I wanted a watch I could use to text with and could instantly receive messages just in case there is an emergency. It also has a walkie talkie feature which is awesome! You could customize the bands for it to your own personality, too!

